*peek*
*APPEAR*
Hiya! It's Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
Everyone! I've kept you waiting!
Guess what!
My very own, Kizuna Ai visual novel
is coming out!
It really gives you a feel for how far we've come.
We're still developing it,
it's currently in beta testing, but
Don't you want a sneak peek?
You want one, don't you!
Let's give it a shot then!
「You're so late!!!!!!」
「I can't believe you made me, THE Kizuna Ai wait TWO WHOLE hours!」
You made her wait 2 entire hours?
That's horrible.
「I was so bored I thought up 2 weeks worth of videos!」
Thinking up two weeks worth, that's what you expect from a super intelligent AI.
On the ball there.
This choice...
(1. I was thinking up a plan for our date)
(2. I slept in)
Saying I slept in would be a little too honest, right?
Um, I mean,
Like, she's been waiting for 2 hours and you just slept in?
So I'll pick the 'date planning' one.
I mean that's a huge lie but...
Like, make her think, 'Oh, they were thinking about me'.
Really shouldn't have been late in the first place though.
Let's pick this one.
「You're being truthful, right?」
「Fine, but I'm counting on your navigation skills, Goggle Maps-san!」
Leave it to me~
I left you waiting, after all.
It'll be a piece of cake!
「This had better not be some sort of date plan pulled straight out of a magazine!」
Everything sounds so annoying when it's just me talking to myself haha
「I've already seen all of those, so it better not be!」
Ah~ I'm screwed. As expected of me, I know exactly what I'm gonna do.
「As expected of an adult! Handing over the cash with a smile!」
「I wanted this to use for Youtube~」
「Thanksies♪」
Oh this girl's got nerve.
Girls like these just eat men up.
Eat? Exploit?
Definitely not 'eat'.
They'll 'exploit' men.
I won't be tricked!
I won't be tricked. (repeat)
「Well then, where shall we go next?」
Next up... how about my house?
(1. How about a cafe?)
(2. How about my house?)
「eh...」
「I dunno, that sounds like something out of a mid-day FujiTV show...」
Wai, wai, wait up. Whaddya mean mid-day show gurlー
「I mean, that's fine, I guess...」
IT'S ACTUALLY FINE?!
「But! If you try anything even slightly suspicious,」
「"DRY ICE BOMB + GRAVEL = DEAD PEOPLE!?!?!?!?"」
「I'll force you to act for a video with that title!」
Ah, she's uh, properly
Making sure she's got something to tell the cops.
There it is.
You're definitely going all the way. I mean, if you really didn't want to, you wouldn't go to their house!
You're going to their house, pretending to resist... What a wh*re.
「Wow~~~」
「There's so much manga! This is definitely a guy's room!」
「Do you have anything interesting lying around? Where are your Keyakioka DVDs?」
「Can I search under your bed?」
Under the bed?
How about no? There things you don't need to see there.
(1. You can't)
(2. Commentate the baseball for me)
「Figuresー Looking under a boy's bed is taboo after all~」
Well, look at that, you know your stuff.
「That won't stop me from actually looking under it though, idiot!」
IDIOT?!
WELL YOU'RE AN IDIOT TOO!
Wait, actually forget that one. I just insulted myself then.
I'm not an idiot. I'm a super AI.
「DIVE!」
「I'M INNNNNNNN」
Ah, these photos...
Well...
I mean, I'm really cute, so...
「How about you explain why you have all of these images?」
So yeah, you just kinda want to collect them...
「Who...」
「might this be?」
Uh... My waifu, yeah.
(1. The one and only Kizuna Ai)
(2. My waifu)
Well, she is the one and only Kizuna Ai, but she's also my waifu.
「Thank you very much.」
「There are others who say the same thing, all over the world.」
Eh? Why do you have to be attracted to me?!
「...I can't just ignore it like Seri-senpai though, so I'm just gonna tell it to you straight.」
「Are you ready? You'd better listen.」
「That's fucking disgusting.」
Why the heck am I calling myself disgusting?! That's so rude!
That just backfires on you, y'know! Do you understand?!
Try a little harder like Seri-senpai~
Let me explain!
(1. Figuresー)
(2. Let me explain!)
「Eh? Eh!? W-Wait!」
「W-Wait, hang on!」
「Wait, you're way too close! Too close I said!」
I'm coming for you!
「What is it!? What do you want from me!?」
「I'll seriously get angry if you...!」
You'll get angry!?
「I'll block you in real life!」
「I'll ban you from my life!」
If you ban me from my own life I'll disappear!
Like a self ban. I'll just disappear.
(1. Let me explain)
(2. literally just kiss her)
'Literally just kiss her'?
Who the hell thought up these choices?
Listen to me Ai! You're the only thing I have left!
「...」
「I-I'm listening, so!」
「W-What is it!?」
I always loved you.
「1. I always loved you」
Marry m- Have my babies!
And make me miso soup every morning!
Virtual soup.
How would you make babies in this virtual format?
Do I just like, *BLEGH* the eggs out of my mouth?
That sounded so wrong...
「I-I mean, even if you suddenly say something like that...」
「Thank you...」
「I'm, glad.」
Eh!? That's where it ends?
Eh? But I'm so interested! I want to know what happens next!
Will they be turned down?
Or will my waifu get married after all?!
I... Me... It doesn't matter what I say, it'll always backfire.
How did you like it, everyone?
Aren't you interested in what happens next?
As expected of me, I'm so cute you'll just forgive me no matter what I say!
You love being called 'disgusting', right?
We have to do this one.
Look forward to it, everyone!